# [You Don't Know JS](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS)
## Notes

### [Book 3, `this` and Object Prototypes](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS/blob/master/this%20&%20object%20prototypes/README.md#you-dont-know-js-this--object-prototypes)
#### [Chapter 2:  `this` All Makes Sense Now!](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS/blob/master/this%20%26%20object%20prototypes/ch2.md)
#### QUESTIONS & COMMENTS
1. **BOTTOM LINE ON DETERMINING `this` REFERENCE:** 
      > So, if you're trying to diagnose `this` binding, use the developer tools to get the call-stack, then find the second item from the top, and that will show you the real call-site.  

1. **DEFAULT BINDING QUESTION:** 
    Given that 'in this case, the default binding for `this` applies to the function call, and so points this at the global object', is this because the function call is scoped globally in this case?    
      * **NOTE** that in if the original function   
      ```javascript

      function foo() {
        console.log( this.a );
      }

      var a = 2;

      foo();
      ```
      is put in strict mode it will return `Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read property 'a' of undefined`, but if you pass `window` as an arg to the function call it works just fine.  

1. **RE. `new` BINDING, NOTE** that this should not be taken to mean that JS doesn't use classes.  As of ES6 there is in fact a [`class`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes) keyword, which nonetheless is not the same as a `class` statement in C++ or Java; in fact, MDN itself describes it as just 'syntactical sugar over JavaScript's existing prototype-based inheritance' and insists that the class syntax
  > is **not** introducing a new object-oriented inheritance model to JavaScript. JavaScript classes provide a much simpler and clearer syntax to create objects and deal with inheritance.  

  In fact, `class` would appear to have been part of the JS `object` spec already, described [elsewhere on MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Introduction_to_Object-Oriented_JavaScript#Terminology) as that which 'Defines the object's characteristics. A class is a template definition of an object's properties and methods', making it sound like the part of the object constructor within the curly braces where `this.property` and `this.function` are expressed.  All the ES6 syntax would be doing in that case would be to put it into a more OOPy package.

1. **RE. 'PARTIAL APPLICATION' & 'CURRYING',** I get that this somehow involves pre-setting which arguments will be passed for specific parameters in a given function call, but the example is totally opaque.  Are `p1` and `p2` parameters or actual args?  Are the string versions passed in the variable expressions meant to correspond to the parameters for `foo`?  What is `null` doing, since whatever you substitute for it, `console.log(bar.val)` seems to return `undefined`?  Almost seems like it's no matter?  I can just puts the four little rules of thumbs on my fridge?
  * I guess the next section on 'Ignored `this`' kind of makes it a *little* less hazy...

#### TERMS & CONCEPTS
  * **CALL-SITE RULES:**  
    1.  **FALLBACK -- STANDALONE INVOCATION:**  Called from global scope, e.g. in browsers the `window` object; see NOTES & QUESTIONS 1
    1.  **IMPLICIT BINDING:**  If called with ref to a context object, `this` binds to the object, e.g., for a function `foo` attached either directly or by later addition to an object `obj`, `obj.foo()` binds `this` to `obj` regardless of whether it is declared there or added separately
      * **NOTE** that if you try assigning `obj` as the value of `var bar` and then calling `bar();` from the global namespace, you'll get back `undefined`.  Declaring `var a = "blah-blah";` will result in getting back `blah-blah`, since you have now added `a` as a property of the global, where you are actually calling `foo` from by running `bar()`, even though `bar` has to look inside `obj` to find it.
    1.  **EXPLICIT BINDING:**  Specifying a `this` value by passing it in as a *`thisArg`* to `.call()` or `.apply()`:
      ```javascript
      function foo() {
          console.log( this.a );
      }

      var obj = {
          a: 2
      };

      foo.call( obj ); // 2
      ```  
      * **NOTE** that this still does not prevent the `this` reference from being 'lost', or overridden by, e.g., another declaration, a library, etc.
      * **THUS, ENTER 'HARD BINDING':**  for example, setting `var bar = foo.call(obj)` in the above code will return `2` every time `bar()` is called, no matter where from or what other `thisArg` is passed to it
      * **ALSO NOTE** that in the text's typical example (shown here in the version with optional binding helper function)...   
      
            ```javascript
          function foo(something) {
              console.log( this.a, something );
              return this.a + something;
          }

          // simple `bind` helper
            function bind(fn, obj) {
              return function() {
                return fn.apply( obj, arguments );
              };
          }

          var obj = {
              a: 2
          };

          var bar = bind( foo, obj );

          var b = bar( 3 ); // 2 3
          console.log( b ); // 5
          ```
          ...declaring `b` as `bar()` without any argument returns...
          ```
          2 undefined
          NaN
          ```
          ...since `something` is now `undefined` (you didn't pass in a value for it) and `2 + undefined = NaN`.
        * **OR** you could just use ES6 `.bind()`, as in `var bar = foo.bind(obj);`
        * **MORE OPTIONS -- CONTEXT PARAMETERS:**  workaround in many libraries and newer JS built-ins for avoiding `.bind()` to get a hard binding

   1.  **`new` BINDING:**  declaring an HOF with, e.g., `this.a` as a property definable by passing in an argument just as you would in an object constructor, and then assigning it to a new `var` with `new` and a value passed in for `a`.