# Code 401 10/26/16
## Notes HTTP BODY

#### QUESTIONS & COMMENTS
1. **NOTE** that `request` is a readable stream, while `response` is generally a writable one

#### TERMS & CONCEPTS
  * **LIKENESS OF SCALE** in your code:  Don't suddenly break out into a level of granularity inconsistent with the surrounding code; if you're getting that far into the weeds the code probably needs to be broken out into its own module that can just be called within the flow of surrounding code without becoming a distraction.
  * **POOLING** keeping around, e.g., a buffer or a socket connection after its original use is served in order to reuse it later for a similar purpose; used in order to conserve memory or bandwidth required in setup and teardown.
  
## Notes PROMISES

#### QUESTIONS & COMMENTS
1. **NOTE** that promises are no longer bleeding edge; kind of implicitly considered the thing to use rather than a callback
  * necessity of heavily nesting code when lots of cbs reqd in one scope
  * necessity of proliferating tons of `if (err)` statements in scopes of any complexity
1. **PROMISE API:** 
  ```javascript
    myAsyncFn( 'xyz' ).then( buffer => {
        console.log( buffer.toString() );
      }, err => {
        console.error( err );
    });
  ```
1. **NOTE** that promises do not re-execute but you can 'subscribe' to them multiple times
1. **NOTE** that you should avoid nesting `.then()` statements; usually they can just be chained sequentially
1. **NOTE** that `.catch()` doesn't mean stop, since each method restarts the process as if previous ones hadn't happened
1. **NOTE** that `throw` is an abrupt end keyword like `return`, etc.
1. **NOTE** that promise chains work really well with Mocha's `done()` function.

#### TERMS & CONCEPTS
  * **PROMISES:** alternative to callbacks but with the same goal of managing asynchronicity
  * **[`Promise.resolve`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise/resolve):**   
    > ...returns a promise object with the given value.  If the value is a thenable (i.e. has a "then" method), the returned promise will "follow" that thenable, adopting its eventual state; otherwise the returned promise will be fulfilled with the value.

  * **[`Promise.reject`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise/reject):**   
    > ...returns a Promise object that is rejected with the given reason.

  * **[`Promise.catch`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise/catch):**     
    > ...returns a Promise and deals with rejected cases only. It behaves the same as calling [`Promise.prototype.then(undefined, onRejected)`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise/then).

  * **[`Promise.then`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise/then):**   
    > ...returns a Promise. It takes two arguments: callback functions for the success and failure cases of the Promise.
     