# Code 401 
## Notes 12/02/16
### PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT: Tim Butler, Tech Recruiter with [Flux Resources](http://workwithflux.com) on Personal Branding Pitch

#### QUESTIONS & COMMENTS
1. **NOTE:** that in PDX it's particularly important to network.
1. **NOTE:** that a phone screen is an interview.
1. **FOCAL POINTS:** 
  - Technical interest:  shortens lead time to find potential good fits
  - Expertise and focus:  client facing? design focused? specific languages? etc.
  - Industry and Environment:  "what do you want this next opportunity to look like?"
  - Strengths and passion:  skills from prior roles - think about what has motivated you intrinsically in past roles; don't neglect behavioral as well as Technical
1. **CULTURAL FIT:** important, but don't over-rate it; just make sure you're personal and relatable

#### BRAINSTORM
* What were you doing before CF?
  - I worked as an educator for 20 years and a writer/content developer for five or so years concurrently.
* Why did you decide to learn development?
  - For a ton of everyday reasons it was high time for a career transition!  I had always had an affinity for tech in my work, had messed around under the hood a bit in the process of starting up my writing business and getting my Wordpress up and running, and always wondered if I could  do real coding.  When this turned out to be an exploding market in Portland after I moved here, the path seemed clear.
* Why did you pick the specific skill you are learning?
  - I was interested in Python and Rails originally but the first Treehouse series I took focused on Javascript, and as I started talking to experienced Web devs I heard over and over that full stack JS was the expanding field, so I decided it would be the best language to invest in first.
* What is the ideal environment in which you'd use your coding skills?
  - Well-structured but not super corporate, team-oriented for sure, and with some sort of solid mentoring culture, either in the form of a very structured program that people really treat seriously or an informal environment where people just make sure it is happening.  Sad to say, I am also at a point in my life when I need to paid in already-existing dollars, though the overall compensation package is important.
* What skills from previous experience make you a better developer?
  - My enthusiasm for learning together with others, my inquisitiveness and creativity in approaching a problem or objective, and my desire to see the details both in their own right and in their big picture context.



#### TERMS & CONCEPTS
  * **Portland Connects:**  Very good PDX-specific networking environment
  * **Callegator:**  Portland's link to professional and career events
  * **NewTechPDX:**  Great networking event, well worth the $11 food/bev cover, good company pitches
  * **Mac's List:**  Grhes
  * **PDX Mindshare:**  Gretches
  
---

